MIT License

Copyright (c) 2017 Yingzhou Li, John R. Gilbert and Shang-Hua Teng

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to
deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the
rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or
sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING
FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS
IN THE SOFTWARE.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Xerox License

Copyright (c) 1990-2001 by Xerox Corporation.  All rights reserved.
Copyright (c) 1990-2002 by John R. Gilbert and Shang-Hua Teng.

License is granted to copy, to use, and to make and to use derivative works
for research and evaluation purposes, provided that the Xerox copyright
notice and this license notice is included in all copies and any derivatives
works and in all related documentation.  Xerox grants no other licenses
expressed or implied and the licensee acknowleges that Xerox has no
liability for licensee's use or for any derivative works made by licensee.
The Xerox name shall not be used in any advertising or the like without its
written permission.

This software is provided AS IS.  XEROX CORPORATION DISCLAIMS AND LICENSEE
AGREES THAT ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION
THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE.  NOTWITHSTANDING ANY OTHER PROVISION CONTAINED HEREIN, ANY
LIABILITY FOR DAMAGES RESULTING FROM THE SOFTWARE OR ITS USE IS EXPRESSLY
DISCLAIMED, INCLUDING CONSEQUENTIAL OR ANY OTHER INDIRECT DAMAGES, WHETHER
ARISING IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE) OR STRICT LIABILITY, EVEN
IF XEROX CORPORATION IS ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

